yeah said hey John hey partner Oh get
what you need ready to help me not quite
not but ready yeah yeah here you see I
wasted a bunch of time looking for that
last bit of map yeah and I got to
thinking Moses was a liar and I imagined
myself doing all kinds of unpleasant
things to his course and then I realized
realized you were sick in the head that
you needed to move on with your own
limited time on earth no partner I
realized Moses were no liar issue was
Aidan O'Leary who said he had the body
breaking down that flu epidemic and the
bars weren't even married yet ha ha ha
got the body sitting in the back of that
wagon behind you yes sir you're not even
gonna wait until they're buried before
you well then they don't care do you
boys honest folk off to a better place
apart from that Aidan allari fella I
never liked Emily they say
he laid with his sister I don't like
women partner nope not since mad I said
what are you gonna do with those bodies
I'm gonna take them back to a nice quiet
spot and look for the map and eats the
man murder I'm it let's go leave the
only ones with an interest in these here
fellers all right I know a secluded spot
where we can search these sleeping
beauties
keep to the left we don't want to roll
through town with these bodies by the
way I saw West dick he told me there's
no ammunition that machine gun here
sounds like I needed hey Irish no fists
where are you come on don't be shy what
did you say I didn't say nothing are you
talking to them so what if I am I feel
less along with them then in a crowd of
people way I see if they lost their soul
just like me you're truly a sick man
said you remind me why hate people for a
man who killed so much you sure seem to
have a problem with the dead I've killed
everyone in the end they ain't so
different from you and me aside from
them being dead and rotting I guess they
hey all right Seth calm down you talk to
the corpses and i'll drive to whack
they're coming after us get it out of
here we're sitting up let's go where's
the horses
fast as you can partner mustard seed
fund as we go where's my man come on
bottle of elixir thank you my friend so
I guess this is goodbye
whew I'm all you got
little creek real bad
further a time for burial partner left
here partner yours Oh relax I just want
a little look-see do you be my friends
yes here it is I'm not the man mr. Flagg
can't you go any faster
you and now
finally months assertion I'm gonna be
rich beyond my wildest dream baby then
you can take thanks mister I reckon I'll
sit here awhile try to figure this out
I'm gonna be rich when you're done with
that get over to Fort Mercer I need you
inside that place after I find my
treasure mr.